{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab560
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab560\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs34 \cf0 Use your iOS device to be a virtual DJ for family and friends!\
\
Cue The Tunes is an addictive, non-competitive game perfect for casual play with family and friends. Take turns matching your overlooked musical treasures to fit one of over 200 rousing prompts. Do you remember the song you fell in love with the first time you heard it? What about the most soulful song in your library? Unleash your inner DJ and play your answer for the group. No matter how many times you "Cue The Tunes," you will find something new to share. Every prompt has many answers, none of which are wrong. Think your family and friends know your taste in music? Surprise them with your hidden gems!\
\
Features:\
- Over 200 unique, entertaining prompts designed to bring people together to share their love of music\
- Noncompetitive gameplay allowing you to appreciate new artists, songs, and genres\
- Interactive, repeatable style perfect for any occasion\
- Multiplayer, turn-based game designed to reacquaint you with previously-overlooked songs\
- Hours of fun!\
\
PLEASE NOTE: Works on any iPod Touch 3rd gen or above, iPhone 3GS or above, or iPad 2. Device needs to be running iOS 4.3 or above.\
\

\b Keywords:
\b0 \
music, party, songs, family, fun, share, friends, library, DJ, entertainment}